Do you see anything?
That's what this thing does
If I'm not mistaken
Before the old man got sick
This thing has been moved
Three months ago, it was indeed because of the need to raise landscape fish
So I got someone to clean it up
Do you mean to say
This thing has been moved.
So breaking feng shui is not that simple
I want to figure out what's been given up
The cylinder has to be turned over
Who dares to touch Lao Tzu's fish?
I'm not done with him
Mr. Shen, this is the champion
Dad, nobody touched your fish
Why are you up so early today?
Unwell
I hired a genius doctor to see me
Turns out these quacks are useless
Who is this kid?
He was a wonderful, hardworking doctor.
It was specially recommended by Mr. Li to see you.
That being the case
Then come and show your wife
Guan Lao, this is not a disease
It's evil
A doctor can't cure it at all
I can help you heal
But you need Du Yuanhua to prepare
Nonsense
I already told you
Don't believe the nonsense of these wizards
You're better off getting everyone into the house